[Music]
what is inherited not steal he says
saying and there are families that shows it
in generation after generation is the case
of the carabajal a true lineage of
artists that for a century now provide
of strength and talent to music
national folkloric everything started in 1917
with a love story that of a
quinceañera and a vocation musician
Maria Luisa is peace and francisco carabajal
they joined the marriage and gave a
agreement
[Music]
Y
in operation
orellana the second to touch of that
marriage twelve sons were born and
two of them took the path that
humbly he had begun to travel
the father of music Don Carlos
carabajal fifth son of luis and
francisco is the author of numerous
songs like between my payment without hitting
or my grandmother varied the samba and had her
once three children musicians peteco graciela and
cuti carabajal youngest son of luisa
composed subjects like the shoemaker and formed
a folk duo with his nephew hector
carabajal son of his big brother a lot
and carl and carabajal grandchildren of francisco and
dona luisa are the carabajal group
folklore that he was also part of
the late Augustin Carabajal
creator of the national festival of
chacarera peteco carabajal other of the
grandchildren of dona luis y francisco is one
of the artists
most recognized in the country as much as
interpreter as for his valuable contribution to
their national folk repertoire
songs were played by
artists like mercedes soda la soles or
Teresa parodi and they won her the prize
konex as best author and composer of
folklore of the 90s and passion
of the carabajal continues its way to
through the veins of the grandchildren
and great-grandchildren of dona luisa the mother of the
chacarera to whom each year is remembered and
celebrate with a big party in his honor
on the day of his birthday semillero de
talents the carabajal are our
national pride
[Music]
ah
I feel like there is a very distant mess and
has worked and smells the grandfather for another
program that's clear and when that
well we mention it as pride
national who feel what it means for
you now precisely much pride
a lot of pride because this story is
a story
that he was born with very simple things and he left
developing over the years with
[Music]
without so many means I remember the
first times that we came from the
band santiago del estero taking the
train the North Star and every time
that we came to Buenos Aires of course
of little availability of money this
mothers were busy doing the
Milanese sandwiches have the food
to get to Buenos Aires and get to
retirement and meet with the
monstrosity that is good airs for
for someone who comes from the interior
a totally different landscape and people
very hurried thing that we are not
accustomed us clear and good
all of this, he was afraid, he was afraid
this but good I think the perseverance
this
and believe in yourself
was consolidating this story of
family from the set of
carabajal and this a bit the experience
that already had Augustine and Carlos who already
They lived in Buenos Aires but good
principles were hard and that's how it went
building this story and each one
making one's own story
is finding the family finding
the friends
and giving a fundamental value to
efforts of parents
because my old my old my old
a mail clerk and of course
within his great difficulty he had
to keep the family this we never
He made an approach
that is not good guys leave now
that they are going to elaborate a long full
work done locally and work this a
I also worked in
some activities but undoubtedly
this cup played football in the fourth
of mouth that this one
this
but the music the tube had many
conditions to dedicate to soccer
because I was in vélez sarfield I was
in mouth juniors
but he had what
for the pot and good and you had to go out to
to do with music what we could most
and take it as a way of life was not
look 45 years ago in music
[Music]
we follow
a little while to send a very
special
people are aware because it is a
program very seen throughout the country is
They sent us greetings to the center of
youtube a people from Córdoba the people of
mendoza of tucumán or of jumps of
different parts of the country not to send a
greeting so a very special greeting
for them and for the aspect that
with which all this is sustained
history this family story with the
affection of the people that we try to do
get everywhere so many
thank you for coming that you want let's go
to the cut we will do with much more
I live in Argentina a lot more to go down and
wants to know if there are carabajal and
mole that there are many little ones we go to
cut
ah
[Music]
i
is now the friendship that is not bought
level is only given when in fact
feels it's not something to fight when
serve you and nothing else
[Music]
this is how it is from the view of civilian
his hands are quite closed and the
flower of life I am from your ranch
perfume the life they have lent indicated
what to return
when the creator of it seems to me that
I say that happy next to the natal soil
[Music]